Update window resize_event documentation (#15827)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/resize_event/index.md

In some earlier browsers it was possible to register `resize` event handlers on any HTML element. It is still possible to set `onresize` attributes or use {{domxref("EventTarget.addEventListener", "addEventListener()")}} to set a handler on any element. However, `resize` events are only fired on the {{domxref("Window", "window")}} object (i.e. returned by {{domxref("document.defaultView")}}). Only handlers registered on the `window` object will receive `resize` events.

> While the `resize` event fires only for the window nowadays, this can now be accomplished for other elements by using the [ResizeObserver.](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `resize` event fires only for the window nowadays, you can get resize notifications for other elements using the [ResizeObserver](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver) API.
```

Author: That sounds much better to me, thank you!
